Just a place for fariza to write desciptions.


Learn Python NYC is a Meetup based in Manhattan,New York. Through meetup.com members can sign up for peer reviews, conference talks, and study group sessions. This is a goof group if you are a beginner and looking for guidance. As well for well-seasoned developers looking to brainstorm.Have you been? Have anything to add? Please head to our comments page with “Python meetup” in the top line.

Beginning Programmers is a Meetup based in Manhattan,New York. Through meetup.com members can sign up for peer programming sessions. In addition Beginner Programmers also encourages developers to join one of their many bootcamps. They range from Android mobile app development to Full Stack development. Have you been? Have anything to add? Please head to our comments page with “Beginner Programmers” in the top line.

MakerSquare is a Javascript Meetup based in Manhattan, New York. They hold 101 classes, which encourages absolute beginners to dip their toes in learning variables, syntax, and making browsers interactive. They are also know for their Q&A sessions with founders. Members can sign up for free through meetup.com.Have you been? Have anything to add? Please head to our comments page with “MakerSquare” in the top line.

The NYC Tech Talent Pipeline is a community that strives to make native New Yorkers the center prospects for public and private tech companies. By working with a range of partners they commit to a solution that encourages hiring of New Yorkers. In addition to providing some guidance opportunities to succeed in the current job market.Have anything to add?Have a review of the opportunities provided by this company? Please head to our comments page with “NYC Tech Talent” in the top line.

Women Who Code the New York Chapter. Is a non-profit that inspires women to get into the field of technology, development, and computer science. They provide free classes world-wide. As well as being advocates for those who are thinking of starting a career, changing a career, or would like to get promoted. Balancing the female and male percentages in the tech workforce is another initiative they actively work on in New York and around the world. Have you been to one of their free classes? Have anything to add? Please head to our comments page with “Women Who Code” in the top line.

Web Designer Depot is a collaborative blog that outlines the developments
 of technology. They have news updates, free downloads, and apps. Have you used this website before? Have anything to add? Please head to our comments page with “ Web Designer Depot” in the top line.
 
 
Treehouse is a education based website that helps all range of techies develop and learn new skills. They have videos, practice assignments, and a reward system for keeping with each individual plan of study. Enthusiasts can learn to build a website, learn to code, or learn to build an App. Have anything to add? Have you used this website? Please head to our comments page with “Treehouse” in the top line.


Code academy has to be one of the most talked about and widely used education websites. They have a range of topics, lessons, and a reward badge system. For a premium price you also have access to quizzes and practice examples. Have anything to add? Have you used this website? Please head to our comments page with “CodeAcademy” in the top line.

Standford Computer Science 101 is a basic introduction for absolute beginners. the class materials and certification appeases many users. The videos are said to be easy to follow and general background of software is interesting. Have anything to add? Have you used this website? Please head to our comments page with “Stanford” in the top line.


CS50x is a Harvard University entry level course. The introduction is heavily focused on getting students to think abstractly to solve programming problems. An introduction to algorithms is also taught. Have anything to add? Have you used this website? Please head to our comments page with “Harvard” in the top line.

The Odin Project is a overall programmers go to website. You can learn a little of everything. They are also heavily focused on building a strong portfolio and learning from peers.
Have anything to add? Have you used this website? Please head to our comments page with “Odin Project in the top line.

An Hour of Code is a fun way to get younger students into learning programming. The fun game like atmosphere is very intuitive and sensible, The introductions to difference language are light hearted and helps build a framework for more intense studying. Have anything to add? Have you used this website? Please head to our comments page with “Hour of Code in the top line.
